The mayor is said to be on the take.
Either you or I have to go there.
That is a fruit of your effort.
You are the only person I know who is qualified for this job.
Tom and Mary had a huge fight this morning.
We dived into the river.
Our wedding anniversary is coming soon.
I had lost my pen.
It is a little cold.
The girl who is talking with Jim is Mary.
We regard the situation as serious.
Let us make our own language so no one will know what we are talking about!
Recently she changed her mind.
My friends are going to school.
I love this photo.
You don't have to go to dance unless you want to.
Tom has a tendency to exaggerate.
He went to the beach
Jack always finds fault with others.
 That is why everybody avoids him.
He was incensed by their lack of incentives.
There are many countries and many cultures on Earth.
Few people visit me these days.
Please tell me what I should do first.
I hope to see his picture soon.
We appointed him as our representative.
May I join you?
Tom has over three million dollars deposited in that bank.
Why did not you get here sooner?
I miss my primary teachers very much.
She will come soon.
Your camera may be stolen if you leave it there.
She had a bad tooth taken out.
I felt the sweat trickle down my head.
The king was overthrown and banished from the country.
I know some friends of Nancy's.
No one can have three different birth dates.
Do not turn up the volume of TV anymore.
All the students attended the party.
I happened to see your cat.
He promised to meet her at the market.
Roads were overflowing with people.
I know he left for London.
The girl still believes in Santa Claus.
I am fine too.
Could you show me your university?
He took a step forward.
He was very naughty when he was a little boy.
He has just had enough of the Smiths' TV.
The big ugly tree hides the beauty of the house.
Nothing new transpired since the last time as I called you.
People has voted him to become the Prime Minister.
How can we tell the dancer she dances well?
My father's car is made in Italy.
This is a tropical cream
Tom threw the apple into the bin.
I know that it is unlikely that anyone can help me.
Let us resume reading where we left off last week.
I read the book completely.
Tom bought a bag of apples and he ate a third of them in one day.
Hundred flowers can bloom!
My hobby is collecting old bottles.
I will come earlier next time.
There were two abstentions.
Tom is the next in line for promotion.
I had a lot to say in relation to that affair.
Mike had his teeth checked last week.
We happened to be on the same train.
They detected him in the very act of stealing.
He is very kind to me.
They are hoping the wheat harvest will be good this year.
We were blocked into the elevator.
Tom likes listening to the radio when he's driving.
The police are looking for the criminal.
Tom does not use his logic.
The swimmer
Tom did not know that.
Swimming develops our muscles.
The program will finish with the national anthem.
He worked hard to no purpose.
Tom has to take medicine every three hours.
We discussed the matter among ourselves.
He sat surrounded by his grandchildren.
Tom only reads newspaper.
I told them again to turn down the radio.
I spent the best part of the day in reading books.
The mouse was lured into the trap by a big piece of cheese.
Do not let anything stand between you and success.
Is he not an American boy?
He did not allow me to smoke.
Mayuko cannot live alone.
My stomach is paining.
I explained the rules of the game to them.
They insisted on me making use of this opportunity.
I dislike speaking in public.
He knew that she was very angry with him.
Tom cannot remember the words of the song.
I am OK.
Some people like to listen to jazz songs.
I was too tired to walk any more.
He has a maid.
When you skateboard
I have not seen you in a long time.
Her health has been declining these past months.
He avoids all troublesome tasks.
He lost his way in the forest.
His girlfriend is Japanese.
What's happening?
That is not your knife.
Tom decided to wait until Mary had some free time.
I don't know if there's time.
Man would perish.
He has to make a speech at the party.
I have two dogs and I try to give each of them the same amount of food.
I was so happy last night.
I found the book so interesting that I kept on reading it until daybreak.
I ought to have attended the class.
Remember me from time to time.
I should have done something.
My aunt came to see me yesterday.
If we all work together, we can help the country.
Tatsuo likes looking at aircraft landing gears.
Ability alone is not enough.
She wants equal rights for women.
Do not seek excuse for what you have done.
Thank you for your assistance.
It is not a surprise that Africans may think of English as one of their continent's languages.
She was envious of her cousin's success.
Is there going to have a war?
Tom is not alone in thinking that Mary is the most beautiful girl in his class.
You were very kind to us.
I need a light coat.
They looked after us well.
She went to college after she got married.
Japan has to import most of its materials.
We had to write off the debt.
What else do you have in your pocket?
What are you doing today?
Will you tell him I called?
I cannot even make a call
He kept quite calm.
They chose him to be a member of the team.
The businessman was leading a too busy life that he did not have time to spend with his family.
Now that you are here
This is a pen.
There is something rotten in the state of Denmark.
Tom decided not to come to the library.
Do you have to go there every day?
I wish you will agree with me.
We have no money.
Tom says he does not want to study French.
I asked Mom to get some for you.
Do not forget what I told you.
I have never been to that town.
What is a typical English dinner?
Tom did not have the courage to say no.
Who are waiting for us?
You two are really kind.
The water is deep in this part of the river.
At the doctor's and the dentist's.
My grandfather comes from Osaka.
I am not very social.
What time does it open and close?
The hospital was barred from doing business for three months.
But I understand what he says.
He seldom sends letters to his parents.
Hot tears ran down her cheeks.
Let's play in the house!
How did you find my house?
It looks like he will win.
I am sure he will come.
The best parents are those who allow their children to follow their natural talents.
Tom does not like being the first one to show up at any party.
Tom does not know when Mary will come here.
It is a long way to the station.
You yourselves can testify to what I said.
His behavior troubles us.
Mary wants to play with us.
We want to buy a new car
Many countries depend on agriculture.
The policeman commanded them to stop.
What's the side effect?
Many organizations are putting effort into recycling in order to decrease pollution.
She gave her guests chocolate.
I would like you to help me gather some woods.
I would rather walk than wait for the next bus.
Tom went to the gym yesterday.
We must always consider the feelings of others.
I heard about the accident for the first time yesterday.
Window or door?
Her dream is to lead a life full of variety.
Ann likes to eat chocolate.
War was giving way to peace.
This story is short enough to read in one hour.
He lost the watch which he had bought the day before.
We are going to travel in a group this summer.
Let us use our experiences to win the football match.
I will say something about it.
I want to go there with you.
Do not talk about it in his presence.
The maximum speed reached by the vehicle was 5 kilometers per hour.
Tatoeba is a tool.
Not all animals are wild.
Learn those sentences.
There was a large audience in the room.
She abandoned herself because of pleasure.
He is proud of being a doctor.
The affair ran better than we expected.
As I have got no money
My mother's American
You should not rely on others.
It is important to want to help yourself.
He was talking courageously in front of the crowd.
Tom is sitting at the back in the bus.
It was good old days.
Mother tied up three pencils.
The teacher always comes on time.
I regret telling you the truth.
He lived abroad for much of his life.
I have not done my homework.
The woman did not accept his proposal.
He who has not seen anything strange has never looked a lobster with his eyes.
She held her hands tightly over her ears.
You should not go to New York this weekend.
Tom blow-dried his hair.
They know this pianist by his technique.
I was surprised by her way of speaking.
We went to the museum.
It all turned out well in the end.
The match was cancelled due to rain.
I am going to take a shower.
Do not wait for the last moment to do the work.
He is a good boy.
Prices showed a tendency of going up.
I will be there tomorrow.
Which way did you choose?
It is really cold in winter.
Where is the logic in that?
There is discontent everywhere in the world.
It runs against his character.
Tom cannot do the report without more direction.
It is on the tip of my tongue.
My father will be forty-five in May.
They know him as a great pianist.
He prays daily.
Morning is not dawn.
The boy must have broken the window.
They have been on good terms with their neighbours.
What time and where could we meet?
The stones were jointed with cement.
It was a false news.
It is the fruit of hard work and a well-prepared plan.
Americans eat a lot of meat.
The moon is the earth's only satellite.
Some people are working in the fields.
It will only take a moment to answer the question.
There is a church across the street.
After her husband died.
He arrived at Paris and immediately prepared to go to London.
The flowers look dry.
I would like to water them.
Is there a watering can?
He asked me to wait there until he came back.
Being overly generous is his greatest fault.
Do you believe his statement that he is innocent?
Watching TV for long hours is harmful to the eyes.
John drinks Scotch and Mary bourbon.
Everyone but him comes from Kyushu.
Many people were wounded.
He is building a new house.
She often comes late.
Will you not come to see me next week?
He always walks with a rifle.
My father often goes to Paris for business.
A quiet place to sit and rest would be nice.
He was a good friend.
We left the canteen immediately.
He did not pay the debt and disappeared.
Did you brush your teeth?
Forgive everyone.
We must avoid war.
I don't know why she got so angry.
The boys will go to play football after school.
He lives with his parents.
I don't see how I can refuse.
He has lived there all his life.
He has been teaching for 20 years.
The judge's decision is final.
He does not speak ill of others.
Many dogs are alive.
We would often go hiking on sunny days.
Jones is not the first speaker.
The lady went to the market.
My right leg is aching.
Wear the safety belt.
I met you and that is enough.
I gave the poor boy my old clothes.
It looks like she made many mistakes in her homework.
Can your mom drive a car?
The descent to hell is easy.
They caught the thief.
He was very timid.
The land must have been sold very expensively.
The doctor has come early.
I have not seen him for a long time.
She is as beautiful as a rose.
I will meet you tomorrow and decide a time to start the work.
The mountain was covered with snow.
Do not say that.
If you heard her speak English.
A thief broke in and stole all my jewelry.
The taste was not good.
We went to see the movie at the cinema.
She has a good job.
It is difficult to understand why you want to go.
These birds are beautiful.
Many sightseers visit Kyoto every year.
George weighs not less than 70 kilograms.
I like that dress a lot.
She speaks as if she had really been in France.
It was yesterday that I knew the news.
Do not worry because of work.
There is huge wave.
Come and see me whenever you like.
I think it is time for me to eat something.
Motivation is one of the factors that affects the learning process.
He seemed disappointed after seeing the results.
Do not leave it here.
They used local wood to build the ships.
I want to eat pizza right now.
He likes to play carrom.
Do not worry.
He goes to school by bicycle.
It would be fantastic if we had a garden in front of our house!
Can you put the dishes in a box?
He flew a kite.
We landed the following morning.
Tom could not face the situation.
Can I speak to the person in charge?
How will they live in that tent during winter?
The cyclone did a little damage to the houses.
He walked away.
You need not have woken me up.
I need light plates because today my family is going to have lunch in the park.
I don't want to put her in some problems.
I sold my car to buy a new one.
I just said so without thinking much. I did not mean anything serious.
They have gone fishing today.
She told me that she did not want to see me again.
I made friend with him.
Give the boy some medicines!
This shop sells articles of all kinds.
Chemical products account for approximately two-thirds of our exportations.
He is not a teacher but a doctor.
She took off her coat.
When booking flights
He has a large family.
They discuss the matter every day.
Children need loving.
Hang your coat and hat up on the rack over there.
They may have kidnapped that child on his way home.
An expert is someone who knows some of the worst mistakes that can be made in his field
I did not find the book in the library
Where does John live?
I was going to Paris the next morning.
Cats don't like to get wet.
They are a nice couple!
My annual income exceeds five million yen.
Is there anybody in the house?
I was born and raised in Tokyo.
Because it was summer vacation
If the weather is fine, they will go to the beach.
She was concentrating on her book.
Tell your family I gave them my regards.
The weather varies from time to time.
They make up about 12.5 percent of the total population.
They are searching for him.
I always keep my bag with me.
The box was so heavy that I could not lift it.
He would not take this chance.
We could see his excitement.
I like to stay away from people who argue often.
Tom was the only one who even attempted to do something about the problem.
Can you tell me the number for Paris?
Often I find the dogs there.
He agreed with those unhappy people.
I saw a beautiful bird.
The two brothers are quite unlike in their appearance.
That is not my pen.
What I am about to say is between you and me.
They had a hard life.
We must go there at once.
Do not go in there
I thought that would be a good idea.
I take you for an honest man.
Let's get the party started.
The best fish smell when they are three days old.
Some students like mathematics and others don't.
We are not afraid of death.
He is not the man that he was when I first knew him.
With your talent
They have built a new highway.
He's from Mauritius and he gives tennis lessons.
I met my teacher at a restaurant last night.
Tom comes here almost every Saturday.
I was going to the supermarket.
I paid his wages on the spot.
He started to work as a manager at the bank.
He went home three hours later.
Tom made many mistakes.
The company plans to sell the new product for $1
You should always knock my door before entering into my room.
He was leaning against the wall.
I am tired of you.
I am 30 years old now.
I am afraid to lose my eyes.
Their effort was useless.
The thief tied my hands behind my back with a rope.
Tom wanted Mary to go to Boston to visit her uncle.
You need to brush your teeth eveyday.
The greatest pleasure I know is to do a good action.
We need to react to this problem.
He arrived there at night.
Kentaro was tired and did not want to drive.
Janet was seeking for fame.
It must be hard for you.
Can I help you?
I am aware that you failed.
Salt has improved the flavor.
When the dog comes
He works too slowly.
You really made me lose face.
You should stop smoking.
Cover the potatoes with cold water.
Malaria is a deadly disease.
Would it be better to start early?
I could not get him to do it.
I had to work on Sunday.
I wake up when I hear the sound of the alarm.
Our first lesson is mathematics.
He is indifferent to what others say.
It seems like a crazy idea
Apart from her
It is really nice having met here
Many people lost their jobs because of the scandal.
I don't know where the scissors are.
What is your problem today?
Tom did not say how many times he had been there.
We are happy with what he discoved.
I am nearly as tall as she.
You are pretty good in diving.
She is a better singer than any other student in her class.
It is convenient for us to start now.
This is the beautiful place where we met each other for the first time.
The park was full with small children.
He said his father was an architect and that he wanted to be one too.
How many times have you been to Europe?
I did not want to inform you.
That guy is talking to your sister!
Mr Mitsue saw me yesterday.
I was drenched.
Jim went out
The trouble blew over in a few days.
He prides himself on his knowkedge.
How is work?
Someday I will buy a car.
He does not like to sing and dance.
Allow me to know in advance when you are coming up to Tokyo.
I don't have the time to travel.
Her daughter has become a beautiful woman.
It was urgent.
Food and clothes are necessities of life.
I've finished reading that book.
Do not trust him.
Alice likes green colour.
I am not a beggar.
This book is above me.
Tom convinced Mary that she made a mistake.
You must fasten your seat belts during take-off.
He began to raise beef cattle.
The old proverb still holds good in our modern society.
Let us try it.
The seasoning is just right.
Tom and Mary live in the same village.
There is nothing concealed that will not be revealed.
Eat your soup before it gets cold.
They named the ship the Mayflower.
She bought a nice toy for her child.
I am walking beside her.
They caught the thief while he was robbing the bank.
The population of Tokyo is greater than that of London.
He tried to comfort her
Tom is going to play football.
The mother was embarrassed at her son's bad manners.
He is fat.
Have you seen our museums?
What do you think about them?
I need to relax myself and take a bath.
I have some damage to my vision.
I got a letter from a friend of mine from London.
Round about noon a friend of mine came at my place.
don't let opportunities pass by.
The criminal was arrested on the spot.
Jane skipped the questions she could not answer.
She is used to staying up late.
My watch gains five seconds a day.
This is a gorgeous rainbow! Let's hang around for a couple of minutes and watch it.
One swallow does not a spring make.
Everyone envy and despise Tim.
This box is light enough for him to carry.
I have sunglasses.
She was engaged in some interesting work when I arrived.
He does not have a particle of honesty in him.
He asked his teacher stupid questions.
Supposing war broke out.
Check it out!
I think everyone looks back on their childhood with some regret.
John is careless. He makes many mistakes.
In severe cases
However often I phone I cannot get through.
You would not go to the dentist when you were a boy.
It was a really beautiful day.
Further than the eye could reach
She tried to get whatever she wanted.
It was one of the great discoveries in science.
How do you remove red wine stains from your carpet?
It is already cleaned up.
Not all violence is equally reprehensible; not all wars are equally unjust.
There were a crowd of people in the park.
We did not talk yesterday.
He will not help them
I hope that you will like it.
I will try my hand at cooking.
I am really happy about your father.
Will you tell me where to buy the ticket?
I got my right leg hurt in the accident.
We climbed up the mountain
You should add those sentences to Tatoeba.
I will discuss it with my horse.
I like English better than music.
The North won the Battle of Shiloh.
The news of their marriage spread throughout the village.
I am having some problems compiling this software.
My father is going for London.
It will go away by itself in two weeks.
Silver is sometimes more valuable than gold
He has much experiences in the publishing industry.
What is the height of Mt. Everest?
I want to think that parents are more important than their children.
Search your pockets again to make sure of it.
I like both.
Let me tell you a secret.
You can not trust Tom.
He turned round from side to side to look at himself in the mirror.
She looks as if she were drunk.
Tom tried to prevent Mary from joining the army.
The girl entered the room.
Even if you stop me
What caused you to be angry?
She really keeps her youthfulness.
Everything flows
She choked her utterance with sobs.
The beauty of that lady was admired by everyone.
Is there anybody who knows first aid?
Give me the key to this lock!
Tom thought it would be a good idea to see a doctor.
She lived in five different countries by age 25.
Do not be stupid.
I did not know anything.
He rode a horse to the sea.
She is every bit an English lady.
I don't know. 
What do you think?
The poor boy was at a loss what to do.
This hole was formed by a falling meteorite.
Will you come to the party tomorrow?
I hope this good weather will hold till then.
She took some meat from the plate.
He has been speculating on his future.
You will find your bicycle somewhere in the neighborhood of the station.
I am not as stupid as you think I am.
Tom does not know how much Mary loves him.
What is your favorite talk show?
You must not enter the room.
The sky is gloomy and gray - a typical rainy-season sky.
The position is conditional on how well you are able to perform.
The party was organized by Mac.
You can use my car today.
Tom has lived in Chicago for a year.
Tom sees a psychiatrist once or twice a month.
The students laughed.
He never believes in paying any more for a thing than is necessary.
Let me finish.
It is really hard to pay one's way in a huge city like Tokyo.
I cannot stand you.
I told Dad about it.
You are now quite at home in English.
On December 27th 1923
It is believed that he was a brave soldier.
I will never forget how kind you have been.
He adores the movies.
Mr. Smith is sure to come on Sunday.
They are accustomed to hard work.
Tom decided not to discuss religion.
The same man that came yesterday is here again.
They shot down thirty-six enemy planes.
We are glad to help you.
The boy went down the river on a raft.
Do you know them?
Fish and red wine don't go together.
What will you have to eat?
The teacher stood before the class.
The boy became more eloquent.
It is not polite to stare at people.
He's my neighbour.
Who can afford to buy such an expensive house?
I am not in a position to discuss that.
He boarded a plane bound for Los Angeles.
Did you do your homework by yourself?
I want a boat that will take me far away from here.
Are you going anywhere?
He lives in a flat.
He is in the House.
I arrived here at eight this morning.
He was unsure how he would get there
This house is famous.
Mozart passed away 200 years ago.
Miss Kanda runs fast.
He did not want to serve another term.
His wife is in the hospital because she was injured in a car crash.
Global agricultural output was expanding.
She could only take Japanese lessons for a few hours.
Tom assured Mary that he'd help her paint the ceiling of her kitchen.
It is necessary that we should study hard.
I was often there.
Why were you there?
We will carry it to the barn.
You understand Korean
Does the soil suit vegetables?
The known must be separated from the unknown.
dine servi
He weighs 70 kilos.
Women's Liberation is a broad-based popular movement.
That boat was full of refugees from Cuba.
Everything is arguable.
He went blind.
She was about to call him up when he walked in the door.
Tom asked Mary if he could read her mother's letter.
I had a slight accident while trekking in Nepal.
The summer vacation begins in July.
Smoking will do you a lot of harm.
He makes everybody feel at ease.
Your test papers must be handed in before Monday.
There were some flowers there.
Nature's balance is going to be upset everywhere.
The country code for calling Italy is 39.
My mother was once a champion swimmer.
Please don't touch the record side.
Does she have enough energy to take a long trip?
Her behavior at the party was bad.
Fred looked after the child who had no parents until that child graduated from college.
Now that You are a college student
The child would not say 'yes'.
Do a better job next time.
Those houses are splendid.
Whose car is this?
She is out of danger.
He played piano by ear.
This is one of the things he always says.
They crossed the vast continent on foot.
We tried to compromise with them.
Tom had his car stolen last month.
There was nothing that Tom could do to help Mary.
There are a lot of trees around the pond.
Talk shopping to someone else.
Social interaction is the very foundation of social life.
What results do you anticipate?
I will take over your job.
Only two people survived the earthquake.
He made as if to speak to me but said nothing.
Tom has known Mary ever since they were children.
It was his car
I want to talk to you.
Tom died when he was seventy years old.
A vein of poetry exists in the hearts of all men.
The new method was anything but ideal.
Did they enjoy their holiday in Scotland?
I will treat you to sushi.
My office is in the central area of the city.
It is only a slight cold.
The class is divided into two teams.
He was kind enough to take me to the hospital.
He was never to come here.
He walked on for some time.
That looks like the kind of guy who'd buy me lots of designer goods.
Did your wish come true?
The rumor cannot have been true.
The women were too surprised to be able to speak.
It is necessary that you take a good rest.
A vigilante bypasses the law and takes matters into his own hands.
We'd better get a move on.
don't speak ill of him in public.
He spent his sixtieth birthday in the hospital.
The worst thing about summer is the heat.
Love is merely a lyrical way of referring to lust.
Tom likes sitting on the beach in the early morning.
Would you mail this letter for me on your way to school?
I wish she were alive now.
I always think of my father when I look at this picture.
Since he started at eight
The meeting begins at three.
Do you charge separately for drinks?
The prisoner was set at liberty yesterday.
The story was adapted for the movie.
Mr. and Mrs. Yamada will come home next month.
I would like to exchange money.
Tom plans to stick around to see what happens.
You must cultivate your mind.
It is been three years since Tom started working for Mary.
She ran to Shinjuku.
He won't come to class tomorrow.
Take hold of the rope
They went to church on Christmas Eve.
Footage of the governor's mistress has surfaced on the Internet.
I don't approve of the way he bullies others.
You promised not to be rude to me any more.
I ordered new furniture.
She will be gone abroad in another six months.
Your selfishness will lose you your friends.
I will ask him where he is planning to go during the vacation.
Are you going to remove the nerve?
Many a book is published
They have already finished the work.
I used to smoke a lot
I cannot agree with you as regards the new plan.
Do you remember the town where he was born?
His pride was slightly touched.
We cannot control other people's tongues.
Please eat. You are hungry
The political campaign has turned into a dirty fight at last.
You had better not do anything today.
Were it not for your help
No less than three hundred dollars was needed for the work.
You are a grass!
You can stay only if you are quiet.
I cannot see.
If there is anything you want
Tom did not see Mary anywhere.
In order to return to our era
The patient is recovering from his illness.
She is disgusted with the job.
His hobby is collecting old stamps.
The car hit a telephone pole.
I cannot stand this pain any more.
My grandmother went peacefully in the night.
My sister cannot start the day without reading her horoscope.
Bill came to see me last spring.
Tom cannot blame anyone but himself.
Tom told the boys to line up.
I stayed at home
I had an asthma attack.
She was hurt in the accident.
The bank accepted the loan we had requested.
I can only put this poor checking down to lack of people at work.
I stayed at home last night.
The heavy rainfall has caused vegetable prices to rise daily for the last two months.
The dog growled at the strange man.
This marriage will be advantageous to his career.
Tom could not possibly have known that Mary was the one who got him fired.
Do you know a good dentist?
He betrayed my confidence in him.
I am very sorry.
That is a mere excuse for idleness.
It is no use trying to deceive me.
I had a white dress made by my mother.
Decision to disallow Medicaid for second implant withdrawn.
As I entered the room
There is not any solution.
The soldier was wounded in the leg and could not move.
Your help is indispensable to our success.
His business was only a partial success.
don't leave the door open.
Mr Sano speaks French with great fluency.
According to Tom's will
The story goes that he really had nothing to do with it.
Some people had to use false names to get work.
I left my briefcase in the bus.
Tom forgot to water the plants for a whole week.
I think she was trying to pull a fast one.
The dog frightened the children away.
She bowed to me.
I don't understand what the author is trying to say.
I postponed the event.
Cover up the injured man with this blanket.
You have to break an egg to make an omelet.
He revealed his secret feelings.
She is senior to me by two years.
She was a genius in mathematics.
But something has gone wrong.
I asked her to marry me and she accepted.
Tom is willing to do almost anything for Mary.
Since he is very late
The kids are asleep.
Go and get me some drinks
Do you recall me at all?
I often play tennis after school.
Myths and legends should be handed down from generation to generation.
The train is twenty minutes behind time.
We think Venice is a fascinating city.
Empty the purse into this bag.
He is apt to catch cold.
His honesty was such that he was respected by everybody.
She lost her purse.
What's this?
He is always on the move.
The ship was abreast of the shore.
He did it
I don't want to see him again.
I want some water.
I heard the news that our team had won.
This is a nice camera.
How was your walk?
I was able to solve the question this morning.
She likes Russian pop.
In Esperanto there are only 16 grammar rules.
Tom is in very good health.
He's always been very affectionate with his family.
I will make it clear that I won't come again.
Hey! don't be silly.
Mike is not a member of the volleyball team.
Let me join in the game.
My suit is gray.
Simplicity in design attracts users.
You will live longer if you don't smoke.
This is the man for you to speak to.
What's that there?
Let us make believe that we know nothing about that event.
She flung her coat on the chair and stormed into the room.
don't worry about the results.
What defect can you find in the present system of education?
The concert concluded with the national anthem.
Mutual understanding makes for peace.
Two hundred dollars is a lot to me.
The preparations won't take any time at all.
I don't like science.
Helen is more cute than beautiful.
My zipper stuck halfway up.
The traditional American dinner includes meat
He resented that she was dating his brother.
Children are liable to catch cold.
Mr Kinoshita left his glasses in the office yesterday evening.
Nothing is left so vividly in our mind as the impressions we received in our younger days.
He read his books until midnight.
The sky was as clear as ever.
He dropped in at a bookstore.
A man once said that if you saw a gun, run.
Who's your favorite historical person?
Our current house is too small
Did you say you've seen a UFO? You cannot be serious!
Tom is willing to back Mary up.
I have to attain my aim at all costs.
The nurse took his temperature.
She can speak French fluently
The bookseller charged me ten dollars for the book.
I want a room to paint a picture in.
She was carrying a basket full of flowers.
Did you see his work?
She called him to say that she'd be late.
Tom asked Mary who had been the first to arrive.
Tom canceled his appointment with Mary.
I am just going to run down to the bank.
This candy cane tastes like green apple.
I wonder if I should really become a teacher.
I wandered about aimlessly all day.
I'd better rewrite this paper.
I believe in one God
The poet expressed his burning passion for the woman he loved.
I must bite the sour apple.
I had some money stolen yesterday.
He will travel abroad next year.
My house was ready two months ago.
I did not yield to such a rule.
She wished she had been born twenty years earlier.
He cried out.
The Great Wall of China is more than 5 meter wide.
We must not rest on our laurels!
His death was broadcast all over the world.
Everyone call me "Itch."
He is one of the greatest scientists in the world.
Tom certainly speaks eloquently.
It is about five miles.
I have a car.
She is very fond of dogs.
I used to have one
She gave him his first kiss.
I guess that you cannot do it.
I learned about Greek culture.
Jim awoke and found himself alone in the room.
Jim had his camera stolen.
There is a little milk in the glass.
They are making preparations for the trip.
He is accustomed to speaking in public.
The output of E->J translation software can be improved by the way the user utilises it.
Her son meant everything to her.
This kind of specialized knowledge has very little to do with daily life.
He took the photos in earnest.
I remember what she said.
Have you ever been to the United States?
This swimming suit is made of elastic material.
A reception was given for the Japanese minister.
He sent a doctor.
A lot of traffic accidents have happened recently.
Some people seem to have forgotten what it was like before the war.
I have a heart condition.
It is a point of honor with me to tell the truth.
He sneaked around to the back door.
Love is blind
It is almost hard to believe all these beautiful things were made by hand such a long time ago.
Tom can speak only a little French.
Time is the great healer.
Tom is a musician with a lot of talent.
We derive a great deal of pleasure from watching baseball games.
The room is ready for us to move into.
His joy showed on his face.
My father has a ranch and breeds cattle and horses.
Tom is a good person.
Jazz uses the same notes that Bach used.
We'd better make some time.
She began lessons in piano at age 6.
Help me move this stone.
Now remember what you did yesterday.
I recognized Mary the moment I saw her.
Sorry for the accident.
I have never climbed Mt. Fuji.
Hi! Thanks for flying with us. How are you today?
You can sit at any place that you like.
He adapted his plan to the new situation.
You must keep in touch with your neighbors.
It might be a wedding.
You cannot just walk around and start slandering people.
Even the experts thought this painting was a genuine Rembrandt.
How's your new job?
You want to have a finger in everything.
He scolded her for having left the door open.
We called her a doctor.
It looks like it is going to clear up soon.
That is good.
don't cross the bridge till you come to it.
Rutherford Hayes was born in Ohio in 1822.
His lecture is very long.
When is your book coming out?
She was advised by him to come back at once.
Is there anybody who would like to go see a live concert of Lady Gaga with me?
Thank you for your letter of July 25 and the fabric sample.
What's different from Japan is that the doctors of Singapore generally all know each other.
I was convinced by his explanation.
All men are equal before God.
She totally drives me nuts.
It is very nice of you to come and see me.
Tom is estimating how much money he will need to finish the house.
The Panama Canal connects the Atlantic with the Pacific.
We could not go there because we did not have a car.
I am very grateful to you for your kindness.
I think it is dangerous to walking at night.
He is in the habit of taking a walk before breakfast.
Ann often plays tennis after school.
I will give you a lift if you like.
She was anxious for help.
When did you see him?
I often play soccer after school.
He bought a pair of black shoes yesterday.
A beautiful valley lies behind the hill.
I wondered at his perseverance.
I am angry.
She can jump high.
His words are severe
Tom got a small piece of cake.
Tom can understand Mary's French.
Please don't look at your mobile phone while we're eating.
You should give a good example to your children.
My mom took hold of the chair.
How fast the new Shinkansen goes!
Chance is a nickname for Providence.
They blotted out my name from the list.
Someone should notify the next of kin.
The hunter killed the deer.
Tom sympathized with Mary.
We must respect workers.
This is the same camera as yours.
It is on the right way.
Time is a certain fraction of eternity.
There lived a king in an old castle.
I hugged her tightly.
You should avail yourself of every opportunity to learn.
I have got some rather serious news.
There are no easy answers to the land problem in Japan.
She has more books.
Each science has its own difficulties.
She does not know that I am Japanese.
He is what is called a champion of justice.
He is preoccupied with something else.
A spider can produce a silky substance from tiny openings on its underside.
He was desperate to defend his reputation.
Our plane took off from Narita two hours late
Each society has a different institution.
Yesterday morning I saw many birds.